Issue 1/lat lon inputs (#20)
MAAP-Project/gedi-subsetter: README.md

  a logical name representing such a DOI (see
  [Specifying a DOI](#specifying-a-doi))

> - `coord-type`: Coordiante type in reference to the longitude/latitude datasets.

Author: ope, *coords-type

> - `coord-type`: Coordiante type in reference to the longitude/latitude datasets.
>    Types such as `lowestmode` and `highestreturn` correlating to (`lat_lowestmode`, `lon_lowestmode`) and (`lat_highestreturn`,`lon_highestreturn`) respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `coords-type`: Coordinates type specifying the latitude/longitude datasets.
   The algorithm adds the prefixes `"lat_"` and `"lon_"` to the coordinates type
   to determine the names of the datasets to use for the coordinates. For
   example, specifying a coordinates type of `lowestmode` will cause the
   algorithm to use the `lat_lowestmode` and `lon_lowestmode` datasets for
   latitude and longitude, respectively.
```
